docs: emphasis schemaless writing (#337)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/getting-started/overview.md

## Create table

> **Note: GreptimeDB provides schemaless writing that you don't need to create table manually with other protocols. See [write data](/user-guide/write-data.md).**

Reviewer: Can you make a section in `write data` that describe auto schema? So we can link it here, using, for example, `/user-guide/write-data.md#auto_schema`

> **Note: GreptimeDB provides schemaless writing that you don't need to create table manually with other protocols. See [auto schema](/user-guide/write-data.md#auto-schema).**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note: GreptimeDB offers a schemaless approach to writing data that eliminates the need to manually create tables using additional protocols. See [auto schema](/user-guide/write-data.md#auto-schema).**
```

> **Note: GreptimeDB provides schemaless writing that you don't need to create table manually with other protocols. See [Automatic Schema Generation](/user-guide/write-data.md#automatic-schema-generation).**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note: GreptimeDB offers a schemaless approach to writing data that eliminates the need to manually create tables using additional protocols. See [Automatic Schema Generation](/user-guide/write-data.md#automatic-schema-generation).**
```
